So we had to do quite a few steps to get that token with the token now I can add a helper method in
a shopping list service which are named store list and where I expect to get this token which is just
a string.
Now here we can use the normal angular HTP service which you already know from the web app and to use
as we need to inject it which means we need to add injectable to our service to allow the injection
of services into this service.
I then add a constructor and I inject the angular HDP service like this.
Now in a normal web app you now need to make sure that you have D.H. Depay module added to your imports
array.
You don't need to do this for this app here though because ionic module will automatically provide you
with the HTP service.
Therefore we don't have to do it here we can go back to shop the service we can inject at the angular
HTP service like this and install liest.
I will now use the service to put some data on firebase and I chose put because I don't want to added
to existing data.
I want to overwrite the old data because I'm going to put an array of list items to add service to that
database and I want to overwrite any existing array of items.
And then you would need to use put if you use post here.
Firebase will simply add your array of items to the existing array of arrays of items.
So you will have a bigger array of sub arrays of items.
It will not merge those items automatically.
That is why I decide to override them with put.
Now what's the address of our server.
Let's have a look at firebase you can find it here under database.
This address is the address of your own firebase project and therefore of your database.
You can't just copy this and enter it here.
You can also store it in some global conflict variable which you use for all your services if you prefer
this.
I'm going to keep it here though.
And with that added We can now work on this you are Elb.
This will lead to the overall database but this is not where I want to store the data.
Instead I want to store the data in kind of a subfolder you could say in my database for the currently
active user firebase actually as Mongo D-B like database.
So no sequel database and therefore we can structure it as a javascript object and now a want to create
a seperate sub object.
You could say a property for the currently locked in users so that each user has its own node of data
in this database.
For that I will need to inject the officer off service because there I have a method to get the currently
active user.
So the off service like this make sure to also add the import of course and with the off service inject
that.
I will now store the user id in and you help a variable user ID and I can get it from the off service
by getting the active user and they're accessing the new id property firebase gives me.
Which simply is the unique ID off the user on the back end.
And now I can simply add this to my POV.
User ID and then complete my path by adding another slash.
Whoops that should be a plus here.
By adding another slash and then one target shopping list.
Chaisson.
This name is up to you though Didcot Chaisson is mandatory otherwise you will get an error because we
will send Chaisson data there and we do need to put that Chaisson to the end of our you are l to inform
firebase shopping list.
This party is up to you.
You could name this s l.
What ever you want but since I will store the shopping list items there.
This sounds like a fitting name to me.
Now of course we also need to send some data.
Right now we're not doing this.
I will simply send the list.
So as a body I will send this ingredients the list of ingredients I have in the service already here.
This is all this will automatically then transform it to Jason and send it with the request.
And of course as always the HTP service year returns and observable.
So therefore we need to subscribe to actually sent request.
This is normal angular behavior.
Now I don't want to subscribe here.
I will instead simply return the observables so that I can subscribe in the page where I'm calling this
storm list method.
I do want a map.
Any potential response I get though.
So here I know I'll get a response of type response type responses.
Imported from.
At angular h to d p like d HTP service was.
And this response your will simply be returned in a way that I extract the data as a Charvis could object
with that Jason helper method.
Now in order to use map here I also need to unlock does operator though and I do so by importing are
ex-chief as Slash R x.
You may know this from a normal angular web.
There is nothing ironic too specific about this.
This unlocks observable operators with that can use map.
With that we can extract the body of this response and turn it into a javascript object.
Now the store list helper method is almost finished but we're not using the token right.
We're not offending kenning ourselves.
We're sending the user ID but that is not a valid authentication because well we could send any ID there
and start overwriting data of our users.
That doesn't sound very secure to me.
So instead we should also inform firebase that we have a token and we do this by placing a special query
parameter at the end of the Eurail we place a query parameter by adding questionmark and then the parameter
firebase will understand is off by adding.
Off we can now assign a value with equal sign and the value of one US sign.
Of course as my token with that I'm sending this token and firebase will recognize that the off query
parameter is present and build validators token and only if the token is valid only in this case.
Are we allowed to access this.
You are L and to store our data.
Now with this in place let's hook up this store list method in our shopping list page there in the cold
that we're in now.
Got the token from the get token method call here.
I want to access my shopping list service cell and call store liest past the token as an argument because
this method expects to get a token.
And now we can subscribe to the observable methods returns.
And in a success case I want to log success in the error case though.
I will simply log the error to the console so that we can start finding out what goes wrong.
So with that someplace Let's save this and let's see if we are able to store data on the server.
Let's recompile the application go back to the running application and let's add the items so that we
have something to store.
And let's not use save list.
I get success this looks good.
Let's go to our database and you should see a new node which is our user ID and then there you'll see
a shopping list Id which actually holds our shopping list.
This is great.
With that we're storing data on the server by using the normal annular HTP service which you could use
just the same way with your own back and of course the authentication might differ.
And with that we're having data on the server.
Let's now focus on getting it back before we then polish the eye a little bit more